We have a lot of guests
on our show,
and they always have stories
about meeting you
and fumbling
and getting nervous.
I don't know
if you remember,
the first time I met you
and the First Lady,
I was doing stand-up comedy at a
barbecue for military families.
That was great.
We so appreciated it.
Yeah. Thank you.
I loved it, as well.
And I was opening up
for the Foo Fighters.
It was Fourth of July
in the White House.
And I get there.
I was so nervous to meet you.
I was Googling how to say hello
to the First Lady.
Like, do I say, "Hello,
First Lady, Mrs. Obama.
Mrs. Obama, First Lady."
I didn't know
how to say it.
I think you actually said
all of them.
I think I actually did.
Well, I wore a three-piece suit
that day
because I was very --
I just wanted to impress you.
[ Light laughter ]
But it was an outdoor event
on the Fourth of July,
and I remember I got there,
and Dave Grohl was there
in board shirts and a T-shirt.
He goes, "You look hot."
I go, "I really am.
It's really boiling.
This is crazy."
I go, "Aren't you
meeting the president?"
He goes -- Basically saying,
"We're the Foo Fighters.
We dress --"
I go, "Yeah."
And then we wait in line,
because we're going to get
our picture taken with you guys.
I was so nervous
to meet you.
And I went up
and I was practicing,
like, "Hello, First Lady,
Mrs. First Lady."
And I walk over,
and the First Lady starts
laughing and looking at me.
She goes, "Oh, honey,
oh, my gosh, you're so sweaty,"
and took my tie --
This is a true story.
Loosened my tie.
And I looked at you,
and you had a short-sleeved
shirt and khakis on.
I go, "Hello,
Mr. President, sir."
And you go,
"Didn't you get the memo?
It's a barbecue."
[ Laughter and applause ]
They took the picture
and they escorted me out.
And then I hadn't
seen you since.
[ Laughter ]
I was just wondering,
do people get --
do you have any stories
like that,
where people are just
so embarrassing like that
and you tried
to make them feel better?
Um...
nothing that embarrassing.
[ Laughter ]
I think that was actually
the peak of awkwardness.
Yeah, perfect.
Thank you.
Can I just ask you
just straight up,
what is the first thing
you're going to do
when you leave office,
do you know?
I'm going to get some sleep,
that's for sure.
Yeah. Yeah.
You know, it's actually
a moving thing.
You're talking about
sentimentality.
But I remember
from my inauguration
seeing President Bush --
You get on Marine One,
and that's the last time
you get on Marine One.
They fly you
to Andrews Air Force Base.
And then you
get on Air Force One,
and it's your last flight.
And they'll take you
anywhere you want.
And I think it's fair to say
that it will be someplace warm.
Because it's going to
be January,
and every inauguration
has been freezing.
Yeah.
And then, you know,
I think Michelle and I
will take a break somewhere
for a couple weeks
and, you know, let the girls
manage for themselves.
[ Laughter ]
Yeah.
Hopefully they'll be okay
when we get back.
[ Laughter ]
Well, if you need
to stay warm,
I have a three-piece suit
for you.